### Grading Policy

**Grading Scale –** Final grades for the course follow the standard scale:

| Grade | Range  |
|:------|:-------|
|   A   | 90-100 |
|   B   | 80-89  |
|   C   | 70-79  |
|   D   | 60-69  |
|   F   | 0-59   |
\
**Assignments –** I do not use letter grades for assignments. Instead, I grade
assignments according to the number of points they are worth for the final
grade; students can earn up to 100 total points in the course. There is no
overall curve and I do not round up grades on assignments.

| Due Date | Points | Assignment |
|:---------|:-------|:-----------|
$assignments
\
Assignment sheets with further details about each of the above assignments will
be circulated over the course of the term.

**Graded Class Participation –** Active participation is required. You should
come to class prepared to engage with course materials in a variety of ways,
including discussion, active listening, group work, in-class writing or other
exercises. Importantly, participation also includes respecting the ideas and
work of your peers.

**Graded Attendance –** Course attendance will be taken at the start of class.
Students are allowed two unexcused absences over the course of the term. Every
absence beyond this will incur a three-point penalty on your final grade.

_Consult the University Policies below for guidelines about excused and
unexcused absences._

### Late Work Policy

Any work turned in past its deadline, even by a few minutes, is late. Late work
incurs a one-point penalty for every day beyond a deadline. For example, if you
receive 8/10 for an assignment but turn it in two days late, your final grade
will be 6/10. Assignments must be submitted by the last day of class to be
graded for credit.

In the event that you know you cannot submit an assignment on time, you may
email me to request an extension. You must make your request 48 hours before
the assignment deadline. In your email, you should propose how many extra days
you will need to complete your work. After we agree on a new deadline, I cannot
extend it further. The standard one-point penalty will apply.

_Consult the University Policies below for guidelines about make-up work due to
excused absences._

### Office Hours and Email 

**Office Hours –** I encourage you to visit during my office hours to discuss
anything related to the course. These periods of time are yours, and you will
not be interrupting me if you stop by. Note that while I will not read full
drafts of any assignment, I am happy to discuss potential paper topics, a
thesis statement, argument structure, and so forth.

**Email –** I am typically available via email weekdays, 9:00am--5:00pm. I
respond at my earliest convenience outside those times. Regardless, please use
email as an administrative tool, not an advisory one. Questions about course
material or an upcoming assignment are best addressed during office hours.

